Feat/roman/v2 docs (#482)
ingonyama-zk/icicle: docs/docs/icicle/core.md

 - [Curve mode](#compiling-for-a-curve) - used for SNARK curves like BN254/ BLS curves / Grumpkin / etc. Curve mode is built upon field mode, so it includes everything that field does. It also includes curve operations / MSM / ECNTT / G2 and other curve-related primitives.

:::info

If you only want to use curve's scalar/base field, you still need to go with a curve mode. You can disable MSM with [options](#compilation-options)

:::

### Compiling for a field

ICICLE supports the following STARK fields:
 - [BabyBear](https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/824.pdf)

Field mode includes:
 - [Field arithmetic](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/blob/main/icicle/include/fields/field.cuh) - field multiplication, addition, subtraction
 - [NTT](icicle/primitives/ntt) - FFT / iFFT
 - [Poseidon Hash](icicle/primitives/poseidon)
 - [Vector operations](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/blob/main/icicle/include/vec_ops/vec_ops.cuh)
 - [Polynomial](#) - structs and methods to work with polynomials

You can compile ICICLE for a STARK field using this command:

```sh
cd icicle
mkdir -p build
cmake -DFIELD=<FIELD> -S . -B build
cmake --build build -j
```

> Where `<FIELD>` can only be `babybear` for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icicle Supports the following `<FIELD>` FIELDS:
- `babybear`
```

### BUILD_BENCHMARKS

Can be used in any mode to include benchmarks runner binary.

Default: `OFF`

USAGE: `-DBUILD_BENCHMARKS=ON`

## Linking

To link ICICLE with your project you first need to compile ICICLE with options of your choice. After that you can use CMake `target_link_libraries` to link with the generated static libraries and `target_include_directories` to include ICICLE headers (located in `icicle/include`).

Refer to our [c++ examples](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/tree/main/examples/c%2B%2B) for more info. Take a look at this [CMakeLists.txt](https://github.com/ingonyama-zk/icicle/blob/main/examples/c%2B%2B/msm/CMakeLists.txt#L22)

## Writing new bindings for ICICLE

Since ICICLE Core is written in CUDA / C++ its really simple to generate static libraries. These static libraries can be installed on any system and called by higher level languages such as Golang.

Static libraries can be loaded into memory once and used by multiple programs, reducing memory usage and potentially improving performance. They also allow you to separate functionality into distinct modules so your static library may need to compile only specific features that you want to use.

> Lets review the Golang bindings since its a pretty verbose example (compared to rust which hides it pretty well) of using static libraries. Golang has a library named `CGO` which can be used to link static libraries. Here's a basic example on how you can use cgo to link these libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's review the [Golang bindings](golang-bindings.md) since its a pretty verbose example (compared to rust which hides it pretty well) of using static libraries. Golang has a library named `CGO` which can be used to link static libraries. Here's a basic example on how you can use cgo to link these libraries:
```

You can compile ICICLE for a STARK field using this command:

```sh
cd icicle
mkdir -p build
cmake -DFIELD=<FIELD> -S . -B build
cmake --build build -j
```

Icicle Supports the following `<FIELD>` FIELDS:
- `babybear`

This command will output `libingo_field_<FIELD>.a` into `build/lib`.

### Compiling for a curve

ICICLE supports the following SNARK curves:
 - [BN254](https://neuromancer.sk/std/bn/bn254)
 - [BLS12-377](https://neuromancer.sk/std/bls/BLS12-377)
 - [BLS12-381](https://neuromancer.sk/std/bls/BLS12-381)
 - [BW6-761](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/351)
 - Grumpkin

Curve mode includes everything you can find in field mode with addition of:
 - [MSM](icicle/primitives/msm) - MSM / Batched MSM
 - [ECNTT](#)

:::note

Field related primitives will be compiled for the scalar field of the curve

:::

You can compile ICICLE for a SNARK curve using this command:

```sh
cd icicle
mkdir -p build
cmake -DCURVE=<CURVE> -S . -B build
cmake --build build -j
```

Where `<CURVE>` can be one of `bn254`/`bls12_377`/`bls12_381`/`bw6_761`/`grumpkin`.

This command will output both `libingo_curve_<CURVE>.a` and `libingo_field_<CURVE>.a` into `build/lib`.

> ### Compilation options

Reviewer: DEVMODE?

Author: fixed
